Choose Your Own Adventure Story 1:

You begin to wake up from a deep sleep. Your head is aching, your body is sore and to make matters worse the room you've woken up in is pitch black. As your eyes slowly adjust to the light (rather lack of) you can see that to the right of you, there is light peaking through what looks to be a door. There are noises behind this door, the sound of screeching and crashing. You turn to your left and can make the outline of another door. The sounds behind this door aren't any better. There's a low and terrifying groan and the sound of nails clawing at the door. You've decided that, even though you'd rather not leave from any of the doors, you have to get out of this room. Which door do you choose?

The door to the left
The door to the right

LEFT: 
you feel your way to towards the door on your left. You throw open the doors and are surprised to enter a room that is completely white and almost completely empty. In the center of the room are three large, embellished eggs. Opposite of you is a door. You're curious about the eggs but you really just want to leave this place because you've got episodes of Scandal clogging up your DVR at home

Inspect the eggs
Exit through the door

INSPECT THE EGGS: 
you walk towards the eggs and inspect them. All of sudden you hear a faint creaking. You look around and find that you are alone in the room. You turn your attention back to the eggs and realize that the creaking sound was actually coming from the eggs. Slowly the eggs begin to break and out of each comes a dragon, well, they look like dragons so we'll go with dragons. Anyway, these dragons open their eyes and the first thing they see is you, they begin to coo. You go in to pick up the dragons when the walls of the room  that your standing in fall backwards to reveal that your standing on a short cliff, in front of you are hundreds maybe thousands of people chanting "Khaleesi" at you, which is weird because your name is Malcom. You stand there shell shocked when a rather large and intimidating man walks up to you and says, "You are the mother of dragons, you are our Khaleesi". All of this is a little strange, but being you rather like being called Khaleesi and the mother of dragons. You go back and pick up the dragons shove them into the air like you're Rafiki showing off Simba in the Lion King. From here on out you will be know as their Khaleesi, the mother of dragons. Even though your name is Malcom and your a guy.

EXIT THROUGH THE DOOR:
You decide to ignore the eggs because Scandal waits for no one. As you walk towards the door you hear a faint creaking noise. You begin to look around when a large black bag is placed over your head. you struggle to get the bag off but your hands have been bound. You feel a pinch in your arm and you slowly drift off to sleep thinking about how you'll never be able to watch those Scandal episodes now. You wake up in a cold and wet dungeon. The shutters on the door of your cell open and a that looks like he should be called Sven or even Bruno, pokes his head in and says "Thanks for leading us to the dragon eggs peasent". He laughs, which annoys you because you don't get what's so funny and now you won't be able to go home and catch up on your Scandal. You're left in the this dank dungeon to contemplate what shenanigans Olivia and her team will get up to.

RIGHT:
You scramble to get the door on the right. As you enter through the door, your accosted by two large, tan, and muscley men. A fantasy for some, a nightmare for you. You're dragged into the room with walls decorated with gold fur and a glittery silver disco ball in the center of the room. Another man enters the room from the right and kneels down in front of you. The glitter coming from the disco ball is falling into your eyes and you're so distracted that you almost don't hear the man's question: "Do you like RoboCop?" Confused, you answer

Nah
uh, yes?

uh, yes?:
You hesitantly answer yes. The man's face turns from indifference to fear. The walls of the room begin to shake and the sound of tires screeching can be heard. All of a sudden a motorcycle breaks through the wall in front of you. Your intial thoughts aren't about what has just happened, but on how futuristic the bike looks, but not today's future, more like the future imagined in the eighties. As your caught up in your thoughts the man on the bike who is covered in cool eighties futuristic armor, is able to free you from your hunky captors. They're quickly laid out by your robotic savior. Having dealt with the three men, Robocop wisks you off your feet, which you find only slightly strange. The two of you ride off into the sunset to live hopefully happily ever after.

Nah:
You answer with digust. You've hated RoboCop ever since a friend of yours (Marc) recommended that you watch it on Netflix. A smile spreads across the face of the man kneeling in front of you. You can feel the delight of the two men behind you. The lights go dim and the wall in front of you begins to open up. Fog fills the floor around you as a stage moves towards where you are sitting. Like an Angel acsending to Heaven, Nicki Minaj appears from underneath the stage. The opening lines to her classic song "Anaconda" fill the air, filling you with so much glee that you feel as if you'll burst. You and your new friends dance the night away listening to your idol as she snatches your non existent weave away.


THE END

